21. kubectl rollout undo 
Rolls back a deployment to a previous revision. 
Example: kubectl rollout undo deployment/my-deployment
22. kubectl top nodes 
Shows resource usage for nodes. 
Example: kubectl top nodes 
23. kubectl top pods 
Displays resource usage for pods. 
Example: kubectl top pods

24. kubectl cordon 
Marks a node as unschedulable. 
Example: kubectl cordon node-name

25. kubectl uncordon 
Marks a node as schedulable. 
Example: kubectl uncordon node-name

26. kubectl drain 
Safely evicts all pods from a node. 
Example: kubectl drain node-name --ignore-daemonsets

27. kubectl taint 
Adds a taint to a node to control pod placement. 
Example: kubectl taint nodes node-name key=value:NoSchedule

28. kubectl get events 
Lists all events in the cluster. 
Example: kubectl get events

29. kubectl apply -k 
Applies resources from a kustomization directory. 
Example: kubectl apply -k ./kustomization-dir/

30. kubectl config view 
Displays the kubeconfig file. 
Example: kubectl config view

31. kubectl config use-context 
Switches the active context in kubeconfig. 
Example: kubectl config use-context my-cluster

32. kubectl debug 
Creates a debugging session for a pod. 
Example: kubectl debug pod-name

33. kubectl delete namespace 
Deletes a namespace and its resources. 
Example: kubectl delete namespace my-namespace

34. kubectl patch 
Updates a resource using a patch. 
Example: kubectl patch deployment my-deployment -p '{"spec": {"replicas": 2}}' 

35. kubectl rollout history 
Shows the rollout history of a deployment. 
Example: kubectl rollout history deployment my-deployment

36. kubectl autoscale 
Automatically scales a deployment based on resource usage. 
Example: kubectl autoscale deployment my-deployment --cpu-percent=50 --min=1 --max=10 

37. kubectl label 
Adds or modifies a label on a resource. 
Example: kubectl label pod pod-name environment=production

38. kubectl annotate 
Adds or modifies an annotation on a resource. 
Example: kubectl annotate pod pod-name description="My app pod"

39. kubectl delete pv 
Deletes a PersistentVolume (PV). 
Example: kubectl delete pv my-pv

40. kubectl get ingress 
Lists all Ingress resources in the namespace. 
Example: kubectl get ingress 

41. kubectl create configmap 
Creates a ConfigMap from a file or literal values. 
Example: kubectl create configmap my-config --from-literal=key1=value1

42. kubectl create secret 
Creates a Secret from a file or literal values. 
Example: kubectl create secret generic my-secret --from-literal=password=myPassword

43. kubectl api-resources 
Lists all available API resources in the cluster. 
Example: kubectl api-resources

44. kubectl api-versions 
Lists all API versions supported by the cluster. 
Example: kubectl api-versions

45. kubectl get crds 
Lists all CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs). 
Example: kubectl get crds
